Add `COE 2026` news post (#14816)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2026/2026-06-08-coe-2026.md

---
layout: post
title: COE 2026
date: 2026-06-08 15:00:00 +0000
series: offline_events
---

The world's osu! players are gathering at the yearly summit. Are you in?

![](/wiki/share/news/2026-06-08-coe-2026/banner.jpg)

For those new to the scene, **cavoe's osu! event (*COE*)** is the world's largest osu! gathering, bringing together thousands of rhythm game enthusiasts at **Brabanthallen in Den Bosch, Netherlands**.

> Remember COE 2025? Its main event, the annual COE tournament saw the greatest spectacle to date. Its prestige was underscored by one of the most competitive lineups in the event's history, featuring many of the world's elite players.

Reviewer: THE greatest? i dunno. maybe "one of the greatest"?

> In a surprising twist of the bracket, the two finalists from 2023 faced off on the very first day of the 2025 tournament, delivering a "grand final" atmosphere right from the opening round. The last tournament day culminated in a highly anticipated final between global leader-board titan [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) and the reigning tournament champion, [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a surprising twist of the bracket, the two finalists from 2023 faced off on the very first day of the 2025 tournament, delivering a "grand final" atmosphere right from the opening round. The last tournament day culminated in a highly anticipated final between global leaderboard titan [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) and the reigning tournament champion, [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961).
```

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/coe-2025-gf-clip.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

> The event also featured a variety of side activities, including a unique "pp-race" where all COE visitors collectively challenged [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902). The 2025 edition successfully brought together players from all across the globe to celebrate the spirit of the LAN experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The event also featured a variety of side activities, including a unique "pp race" where all COE visitors collectively challenged [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902). The 2025 edition successfully brought together players from all across the globe to celebrate the spirit of the LAN experience.
```

> ### The main event

Reviewer: rather than "main event" just call it what it is, the title of the tourney

![](/wiki/share/news/2026-06-08-coe-2026/main-stage.jpg)

> As with every year, we are hosting the COE 1v1 osu! tournament — striving to top off even last year's peak moments. Featuring an additional mappool and a double-elimination bracket, we're sure the amount of close matches will be even larger, and with registrations opening soon, who will claim the throne after [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902)'s dominant performance last year? Be ready for some of osu!'s biggest names to battle it out on stage!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As with every year, we are hosting the COE 1v1 osu! tournament — striving to top off even last year's peak moments. Featuring an additional mappool and a double-elimination bracket, there's sure to be many a close match. Will anyone be able to claim the throne after [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902)'s dominant performance last year? Be ready for some of osu!'s biggest names to battle it out on stage!
```

> If you are one of those big names (or aspire to be!) then you should know that the registrations for this tournament are live! Check [the registration page](https://sign-up.cavoe.events/) for (links to) all the information you need to know!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are one of those big names (or aspire to be!) then you should know that the registrations for this tournament are live! Check [the registration page](https://sign-up.cavoe.events/) for all the information you need to know!
```

> Catch all the action live on [Twitch](https://twitch.tv/coevent) and [YouTube](https://youtube.com/@COEvent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the tournament is underway, catch it live on [Twitch](https://twitch.tv/coevent) and [YouTube](https://youtube.com/@COEvent).
```

Of course, there won't be just tournaments. Here are some of the additional things in store:

- YEAST ([YokesPai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6399568)'s Extravagant Accuracy Sight Read Tournament)
- Group dinner at a local sushi restaurant
- An unforgettable day at the Efteling theme park
- ...Many more things yet to be announced!

### On-site activities

![](/wiki/share/news/2026-06-08-coe-2026/activities.jpg)

There will of course be tons of miscellanous things to do at the venue, even while all the crazy big events are going on:

- An arcade right at the venue featuring [Pixel Arcade](https://pixelarcade.nl/)'s cabinets, packed with a variety of rhythm games. Free for every visitor!
- A VR gaming booth for you *Beat Saber* enthusiasts
- Table tennis tournaments and board game area for between-match fun
- Tons of venue space to meet fellow players and make new friends

### Tickets

Looking to join the fun? You'll find information about tickets on the [COE website](https://cavoe.events/)!

---

Can't wait until the event? Check out [last year's photo gallery](https://www.flickr.com/photos/coevent/sets/72177720328435264/) to see what makes COE special!

> Mark your calendars for **July 28 to August 3** at **Brabanthallen in Den Bosch**. For all the details, visit the [COE website](https://cavoe.events/), join the [COE Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/9pZWjF5ZnK), and follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/CavoesOsuEvent).

Reviewer 2: dates aren't matching with the banner, is that intentional?

Author: fixed
